Lee Hi Kazuki's grace
Really I would like to introduce a special skin care to carry out towards the special day today
I think there will be more seasonal events, but from that time on like this one week ago
Because the flowers come and go very much when doing special care
It is recommended
Well then
I seat
Yes, I 'm going to take a bath. First I'll put carbonated mist water on the flower here
First from each Kyuubi
I will push the solder in the end because I say a little
I that time or it was emulsion or was the most lotion think the easy penetration
This time is the best case
Please doing I say kana
I will put on a face mask
While wearing this face mask
The next thing is
We will use here of beauty cream for pasta
The point is that I will use it roughly
Let 's meet him
Even if I say pair numbers, it is my amount that I paint around decollete
Since the rose scent to the Omg good smell
You can relax with this, but it is a very good product for those who like Rose
And we will use the luster of the face conditioning oil When you have finished bag
Notice The smell is good and the smell first
Is healed
I want to do massage oil massage
Let soften beautiful
Snuff the smell
It is only this
I will be healed by the mother of Horio Rose
Do this
Always set
I will be happy with the neck and demons
I'm just applying lotion and cream
Because the state to which the tail good Mon' has become to be very oil familiar state
Of cat conditioning from cats
But is distinguished service doing massage
Here is a look at all means everyone there because it is released in Toka dvd
Please give me
After the end of the oil massage
Mip a reason to sell
The item that is essential to three is cream
Buy this
The essence of Lamer is cream
I took it for hand
Collect
Until it becomes transparent
From warm and rub in
I will buy
Yeah it was have crowded
I will try to put
Those remaining
In the first digit
Do it once, and if there is something that bothers you after drying , apply twice and seal it tightly
To go
With the hand push at the end
It is completed by suppressing this is the towards because of an unknown event that shalt be with me
Everyone who introduced special skin care is also good try it from now on
Please give me
Very ship
He did it a very well
If you are dry and moist, moist and moist
I think that the makeup paste that tends to be dry will also improve very well
I mean
After securing gold care
I went to the wedding of best friend
It was very beautiful wedding dresses of bride
I also had very good skin condition thanks to this one week skin care
Quite your Medeta
Thank you very much
Let's meet you Baibai